# Ad-hoc Report for 3D Printing Program

Transitioning the 3D printing workflow from pen and paper to an online excel sheet allows us to track the performance of our program and answer a variety of relevant questions. Are ample patrons using this program to justify its existence? Are staff able to complete 3D print requests under our specified timeframe? Are certain 3D prints and colors more popular than others? How has the transition to an online form and automated python programs impacted the program? Answers to these questions can help us make informed decisions on the future of the 3D printing program at the library.  

In order to answer these questions, we obviously need to gather the data. Thankfully transitioning to an online form as I discussed in a separate repository called “PUB-Workflow-3D” made data collecting easy and automatic! Once enough requests were accumulated, I wrote an r program called “3D prints all” to analyze various descriptive statistics. These included frequency graphs to show the most popular print requests and filament color, and average turnaround time from the time of request until we contact the patron that their print was ready. 

# Alternative intro

Performing ad hoc analyis on the performance of our 3D printing program. In order to gather valuable insights and imporve our program I looked at the most common types of prints request and thier colors. On the staff side I investigated how changing our workflow from pen and paper to autmated python scripts and an online form over the past couple of months has impacted our efficiency. Gathering all thisinformation otgether in a succicent reports allows accurate reflection on what's working and what's not in order to improve our process not only for patrons wishing to utilize the program but also for staff ensuring effiecicy and time well spent because we don't have much time to give. 
